Hrvatska - redovno 
Nema nam ništa ljepše nego neplanski u auto i pravac more. Ćakulamo tako par sati po šumama i gorama. U "lipoj njihovoj" usput kupimo gajbicu smokvi (nazad ćemo još par natovarit), a ko prvi vidi more njemu čokolada. Dole na ulasku na magistralu Jeja bira pravac, volj' ljevo volj' desno. Gdje nam se svidi uđemo u grad i pitamo za smještaj, a i domaćim pomalo drago vidit bosanca - mi smo ti uvijek šega. Na plaži maslinovo, kantarionovo ulje, kuvani kukuruz,kafaaaa. Daj ti meni krofnu. Volim krofnu pojest poslije brćkanja, uf..mmmmm mmmmmmmm

Cuba
Kum Sale odlučio da se ženi. Ajd idemo onda na Kubi. Kad se već poliki put pređe valja malo duže ostati. 40 dana je taman. 
U havani živo i zagušljivo. Trinidad baš fin gradić. Svi se zaljubili u domaćicu u Varaderu...pa kako neće kad pravi doručak za medalju.
Road-tour ispade prava avantura. Cilj je bio od Varadera do Baracoe i nazad. E tim pričama nema mijesta ovde, za to treba atmosfera.

Wheel2 Vol.1







********************


Cuba
Reasons to visit Cuba: you need a breake from internet, you need more Sun, your friend is getting married in Havana? All good. Pack the suitcases, sublet your flat and go. From Havana to Tinidad, From Trinidad to Varadero, from Varadero to Baracoa Cuba showed to be challenging in a beautiful and bumpy way.  

Adriatic coast
When it comes to sea there is no better place for swiming, relaxing and coming to peace than Adriatic sea. No, this not a bias clame. It is so. The one thing that makes the place special is Adriatic highway.

Only few things in life can garantee a great fun. Getting in a car and riding to the coast is for sure on top of the list. Gliding in a Sunny afternoon, listening to the radio and eating recent picked figs makes the experience of perfect life. Just where I wanna be.

Bike
Always prefer the two wheels no matter what. Neglect the waether, time and the distance and keep pedaling 'till you reach nice caffe somwhere in Poland where they serve the best capucino you ever tried. Dont think about coming back, train scheduals and the final destination. Just pedal.


Long exposures
When the rainy day in Berlin makes you wanna do nothin but to sit on your bike and drive trough the city, the long exposure photografy makes the time spent. Same thing can happen on a cloudy day in New York, sunny day in Ljubic or windy moments in Warnemunde. mportant is to feel just enoug lasy to stay on one place for a long time and enoug patience to try the same frame fpr a long time.